no more made this room
Buddhists times
the black lightning
before you knock me out you think I can
get a pic and can you make sure you
light up No
[Music]
red lightnin my name do you remember why
you became Black Lightning the Black
Lightning is back this is a game changer
for free little excuse me I'm afraid of
the one-time [ __ ] where are you going
[Music]
blacklight nizam with God's help we can
save this community I got you I'm just
getting back into this brother needs all
the exercise he can get I am unlike
other men the laws of Convention and
morality do not apply to me these are my
streets if the people of free land start
to perceive we are no longer in control
then they won't fear us and I surely
can't have that you need to take Black
Lightning out if I were you I would use
some of that
I'll buy no magic to get it done
it's gonna take a minute in the clown
shiny super took me down I've been
working on something ready to give this
a little juice I thought you'd never ask
I just found my new favorite thing damn
Camby you can hold out on me
what do you see them I see everything
can you see through people's clothes he
isn't just Jefferson Pierce he is so
much more than that you know that better
than anyone and that's why I want you
just stop him before he gets addicted
again
he was an award to save this city in its
people that he suddenly stopped because
he was addicted to you as a
neuroscientist I know everything there
is to know about the brain not so much
[Music]
just because you have abilities doesn't
mean you have to use them they trained
me show me how to do this young folks
with outside powers traveling the world
not in bad guys ever asses and then
there are the constants Janus inherited
abilities as well as already Jeffersons
like a battery
he takes like to see from the source and
childhood through his body cells are
creating pure energy Jennifer's a
generator why isn't he listening to me I
don't want to have powers you will live
the life that you you know that I've
decided I'm ready to have sex Black
Lightning is vigilante you just causing
more problems than you solve it put your
hands hop up it better walls how would
the 100 care about me just a high school
principal
come on my Jeff we both know you a lot
more than that I am of this community
and devoted to this community but I
promised the people of Freeland a better
police department are you serious
consider this the blocks in he's still
got jokes huh
[Music]
people running around with superhuman
powers they are bio weapons and we have
to have more of them than anyone else
the guys we are going after they are not
the close friends would please you don't
have to do this super this is me and yes
I didn't have to do this
Sakura stays to pods for relocation we
are go full tactical even if you win the
a si isn't gonna disappear if they think
there's some kind of metahuman arms race
they are gonna keep coming after you
so that's it then hi-low tactics light
me up oh man we've been given a gift a
blessing from God so we intend to use it
to protect this city
and it's people
none of them are stable okay how do we
get them out the pads the Brad briefcase
I need the briefcase
sigh baby you're looking at the king the
Freeth first order of business ripping
the damn light out of black lightning
you